#status
concept
wip
unstable
stable

usable
uayor [use at your own risk]


#development
active
suspended
ceased

halted
complete
abandoned

What is this?  
Some hints for splitting repo status intp 2 status. 
1. the current project
2. the pace/status of ongoing development

repo-status documentation lists currently these project statuses

    Concept – Minimal or no implementation has been done yet, or the repository is only intended to be a limited example, demo, or proof-of-concept.
    WIP – Initial development is in progress, but there has not yet been a stable, usable release suitable for the public.
    Suspended – Initial development has started, but there has not yet been a stable, usable release; work has been stopped for the time being but the author(s) intend on resuming work.
    Abandoned – Initial development has started, but there has not yet been a stable, usable release; the project has been abandoned and the author(s) do not intend on continuing development.
    Active – The project has reached a stable, usable state and is being actively developed.
    Inactive – The project has reached a stable, usable state but is no longer being actively developed; support/maintenance will be provided as time allows.
    Unsupported – The project has reached a stable, usable state but the author(s) have ceased all work on it. A new maintainer may be desired.
    Moved - The project has been moved to a new location, and the version at that location should be considered authoritative. This status should be accompanied by a new URL.
These tend to mish mash the maturity state of the project, the pace of cotributions and maintainance/support availibilitty. 
The problem is that these are distributed inhomogenously among the options, 
some focus on the maturity of project, some only on support/active development and some are vague and could refer to either. 
The more limiting result is that not all possibilities are encompassed in these listed. 
By seperating project state and development, the choice would be flexible and larger variety of cases could be described since we would get their product space to work with.
